Looking back in this lesson,
we talked about the new capabilities monitoring gives us as cloud developers.
We discussed some monitoring tools that are available.
We talked about Prometheus,
and we even installed and configured Prometheus.
We talked about the various data source options and how to get that data into Prometheus.
We discussed how to start analyzing and monitoring the data you have.
Then we learned about alerts and how to set them up.
I hope I was able to convince you of the necessity of the power of
monitoring and that you feel the burden
to implement monitoring and your next Cloud Project.
Like I said before, it's not important until it is.
Give your future self the gift of information,
get that data stream flowing.